# Checkers-code
To execute the program, compile and run the code found in the file named checkers.cpp
The user will be prompted to choose from the main menu to either start the game by clicking 1, display the help by clicking 2 or exit the program by clicking 3.
If the user chooses to start the game, a small instruction paragraph will be displayed stating that the user is black “B” and the computer is white “W” and black pieces play first and that they should enter their choice of pieces to move and where to move it should be from 0 to 7, and that they should enter the row first and then the column separated by a space. (an example is provided) then the board will be printed and the program will prompt the user to enter the location of the piece they want to move and where to move it. If the player enters a valid move or capture, an updated board will be displayed and the computer will play and an updated board will be displayed and so on. However if the player enters an invalid choice meaning: from an empty square or to an non empty square or illegal move ( not diagonal and one square away for king in the case of moving with no capturing and two squares away for capturing, not diagonally forward and one square away for a normal piece in the case of moving with no capturing and two square away for capturing), an error message will be displayed and the user will be prompted to re enter their choice. Whenever the computer moves, the program will display from where to where it moved.( the players take turn to play)
If the player takes a capturing opportunity a message stating “you took the capturing opportunity” will be displayed along with the number of pieces they captured. If the computer has a capturing opportunity, it will automatically take it and a message stating that the computer captured and the number of pieces it captured so far. If the player reaches the other side of the board meaning row 0 it becomes king “KB” and a message stating that they became king will be displayed. The same thing goes for the computer except that the row is 7 and that the sign of the white king is “KW”. 
The game will end once one the players captures all the opponents pieces. The result of the game will be displayed. The main menu will then be displayed in  case the user wants to play again.
If the user chooses 2, a help paragraph will be displayed giving them more information about the game, the main menu will then be displayed.
If the user chooses 3, the user will exit the game.
If the user picks a number that is not 1, 2 or 3, the program will prompt them to enter a valid choice.

Potential future enhancements for our code could include transitioning the game into a 3D environment for added visual appeal and depth. Additionally, introducing various difficulty levels ensures a challenging experience for all. Providing options in the main menu for players to choose between playing against the computer or engaging in multiplayer mode would enhance accessibility and player engagement. Moreover, integrating a feature allowing players to undo their moves would further refine the gaming experience, adding an element of strategic flexibility.

The challenges we faced during our project was time management as each team member had very different availability times, we also had to change the whole code to organise it more and include the game classe, we also had problems with visual studio, and errors with game logic bugs like valid moves or capture and piece became a game which lead to inexpected errors even if the logic of our code seemed correct.. It was also hard for us to consider and implement all the cases and test all the cases. 
